I Bank is one of the leading private
sector banks in India and I Bank
also provides excellent career opportunities.
Even today, thousands of
jobs are available in I Bank. If you
want to make a career in I Bank
and are preparing for the interview, then this
video is going to help you a lot.
In today's video, I am going to share with you
very important information about I
Bank. So quickly
subscribe to the channel and we will start this video.
My dear friend, whenever you
go for an interview in I Bank, there is a high
possibility of you being asked a question. There is a
99.99% chance that this question will be asked.
And what will the question be? What do you know
about I Bank? We are dividing this video
into three parts. In the first part,
I will tell you why this question is
asked. In the second part, we will
discuss some facts about how to answer this question.  I will
tell you about IIC Bank, that too in Hindi so that you
understand it well and in the third part I am going to
tell you word by word,
all the words will be on the top of the screen, I will pronounce it from behind
so that you can take a perfect answer
from the end of this video and it will help you a lot
in creating a best first impression, right, so quickly like the
video and we move on to the
first part, first part,
why do interviewers ask this question,
my dear friend, imagine that there are two
candidates who have come for the interview for the same position,
one candidate has done a
good research about IIC Bank and has
understood what IIC Bank is,
when was it established, what does it do, what are
its unique points and the other one has come just like that,
who has not done any research,
right, and if both of them sit for the interview, then the
interviewer will easily be able to assess
who is more interested
because the person who has come after doing research
already knows where it is  He is
interested in working there, he has
made the decision after doing complete study
that I want to work in II Bank,
right, he has put in effort in doing research
and you are one of those candidates who are already
preparing before the interview, so
candidates like you will get preference there, the
other candidate who gets a job anywhere does
not care, so
if he has come for the interview without studying at all, then that is, that
is not an
interested candidate,
why will the interviewer not hire this candidate
because even if he hires him,
basically he will
not have any confidence in the stability of this person, this person can
leave the job at any time and any
bank spends a lot of time, effort and
money in hiring and training the candidates,
so they do not
want someone to come and leave the job after a few days, so that is why
this type of
candidates are not hired there,
so this question is asked for filtration,
now we  Let's move on to the second part,
where I'm going to
share some facts about II Bank
that you'll need to share during the interview,
which will create the best impression
and get you selected. I'm going to give you five or six
facts that you need to
understand thoroughly. If you
confidently state even three or four of these facts,
you'll be considered an interested candidate,
and your chances of
selection will increase. So, let's move on to the first
fact:
II Bank is
one of India's top private sector banks,
established in 1994.
In the second point, you'll describe the bank's product
portfolio. What will you
say about it? II Bank
is a digitally focused bank with a wide range of
banking and finance products
to meet the needs of a variety of
customers. To further emphasize this
and make it impactful,
you'll say:  II Bank has many
specialized subsidiaries that work
in different areas such as asset
management, venture capital, life and non-life
insurance, and investment banking. The
next important thing to
tell you is that
II Bank has a very strong branch and ATM network.
II Bank has more than
5,500 branches and more than
16,200 ATMs across India.
To make this point more powerful, you will know that II
Bank is one of the select banks in India
which is not only strong in India
but is also very present internationally.
II Bank was the first Indian
bank to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1999.
Last but not the list, one thing
that will make your answer very impactful is
that II Bank is a very
customer-focused bank. The tagline of II Bank is
also this: we are here and take care of
you. These are the two taglines. Right, so if
you keep all these points well, then
your  A good impression will be created
and the possibility of your selection will
increase significantly. Right, this
second part is cleared. Now let's move on to the third
part where I am going to tell you word by word
how to give this answer in English.
How will you present all these facts in a very impactful way?
Right, you can also form the answer as per your convenience,
but for your help,
I am telling you word by word, so
understand it carefully and read it out as well.
II Bank, established in 1994, stands as
one of India's largest private
sector banks, offering a wide range of
financial services and products with a
robust international presence and a leadership
position in digital banking. It caters to a
broad clientele. Its specialized
subsidiaries are in asset management, insurance,
venture capital and investment banking.
Further, it has a solid position in the financial
sector, boasting a vast network of more than 5,500
branches and 16,200 ATMs across India.
II  The bank continues to innovate, as
evidenced by its pioneering listing on
the New York Stock Exchange in
1999. II Bank is a very customer-
centric bank with the tagline of "Hum Hai Na
And Khayal Aapka" (We are here, and I care about you). If you memorize this answer word
by word and
speak it well, you will be successful there. I
hope you enjoyed this
video and found it useful.
If you
want to build a career in II Bank and
start your career as a relationship manager,
II Bank has a PG
certification program, which is a 21-day
program with a fee of ₹46,000.
This job is a short program. As soon as
you complete this course, you get a
job as an RM in II Bank.
You will find all the details about its selection process and eligibility criteria in the video at the end screen. So, watch
that video.  You can watch it and
a free form to check your eligibility is
given in the description section,
go and fill it, if you are
eligible then our team will contact you
to take it forward, if this video
helped you then quickly
like the video, subscribe to the channel and
share it with your friends who
want to make their career in the banking sector and specifically in ICICI, thank
you for watching this video, I will meet
you in the next video
[Music]